[docs] Add possible remedy for Hermes debugger problems when the project is not served on LAN connection (#20739)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-hermes.mdx

- Internally, the app will establish a WebSocket connection, make sure your app is connected to the development server.

  - Try to reload the app by pressing <kbd>r</kbd> in the Expo CLI Terminal UI.

>   - Test debugging availability by running the command: `curl http://127.0.0.1:19000/json/list` (adjust the `127.0.0.1:19000` to match your dev server URL). The HTTP response should not be an empty array, but rather something like below. If it is empty, try adding one of `--localhost` or `--tunnel` to the `start` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Test debugging availability by running the command: `curl http://127.0.0.1:19000/json/list` (adjust the `127.0.0.1:19000` to match your dev server URL). The HTTP response should be an array, as shown below. If it is an empty response, add either the `--localhost` or `--tunnel` flag to the `npx expo start` command.
```

A minor suggestion to update the verbiage here.
